Ra Mi-ran
Lee Do-hyun
Ahn Eun-jin
Yoo In-soo
Sam-sik's Mill
Choi Moo-sung - Jung Woong-in - Hong Bi-ra
Seo Yi-sook - Jang Won-young - Kang Mal-geum
Kim Won-hae - Park Bo-kyung
Happy Farm
The Good Bad Mother
Jou Elementary School Graduation
Diploma
Award Certificate
Uri High School 53rd Graduation
School of Law
Choi Kang-ho Scores Highest on the 56th Bar Exam
I told you. I'm not a churchgoer.
My son became a prosecutor because I prayed...
to a shaman.
Goodness. A shaman?
Ma'am, that's just superstition.
Your descendants will suffer bad
luck if you stand on a threshold.
But that's also a superstition, right?
In that case,
- I'll just leave a Sunday bulletin.
- Okay.
- I wish you well.
- Thank you.
The Good Bad Mother
Gosh.
Sex Scandals and Bribery...
$10 Million
Malpractice and Embezzlement
Jou-ri
Unbeknownst to me, these
articles are making headlines.
I wonder what tomorrow's headline will bring.
I'll find out who's behind this.
No need for that. It's obvious.
What's the first thing politicians do...
when they gain power?
They go after companies like mine.
What can I do? The
presidential election is coming up.
They have to create a distraction
if they want to save themselves.
Still, they crossed the line. Don't you think?
Why did they use such
an unflattering photo of me?
Darn it.
Look at that double chin.
Gosh.
Don't worry, sir.
I'll take care of it.
Right. And...
This is my husband's old phone.
There's a recording of a call he
had with Woobyeok Construction.
Do you want to be my son?
Sorry?
I'd really love that.
How great would it be if
I had a reliable son like you?
Then I'd hand over my business to you,
move to a place like Hawaii, and fish every day.
But my one-and-only grandson is a hellion.
Oh, right.
What do you mean, things will get troublesome?
Right. Well...
Due to the extreme public outrage,
I'm afraid Mr. Park won't be
able to get a reduced sentence.
That's what it was?
Don't worry about that.
I was going to get rid of him after this stint.
Thank you for all your hard work.
Let me know if you need anything.
Do you want another new car?
That reminds me.
How's your new home? Do you like it?
It was a very generous gift.
Thank you so much.
I'll work even harder.
Forget it. Just keep up the good work.
Do better, and you'll make me go broke.
I'll get going then.
Hold on.
You seemed to have forgotten something.
Put that down.
People laugh when I tell them I play baseball.
They think it's ridiculous
when I can't even run.
But it's simple.
If I hit a home run, I don't need to run.
Or I can strike out.
That's how I've lived my life.
Hit a home run or strikeout.
So that was the secret.
That was how you grew...
Yongra Construction into
Woobyeok Group so quickly.
I'll keep that in mind.
"Hit a home run..."
"or strikeout."
Gosh, that hurt.
Gosh, you've improved a lot. You
weren't so good not too long ago.
I practiced a lot.
Honestly, I've always liked baseball.
But I could neither play with
my friends nor watch them on TV.
Why not?
- Because I wanted to meet you.
- What?
How would I ever have met you,
if I hadn't become a prosecutor?
I feel the same way.
It'd be wonderful if I had
a reliable father like you.
All right.
You can start addressing me as your father.
May I really do that?
Look at you.
I've never seen you smile
from ear to ear before.
Then could we go to a sauna together?
A sauna?
It was my lifelong dream
to scrub my father's back.
"Father"?
So this is how it feels.
I love it.
All right.
I'll let my son scrub my back!
"Hit a home run or a strikeout."
Hey!
Please identify the source,
and look into the related articles,
organizations, and victims.
Yes, sir.
Sir.
This is truly unfair!
My son would never kill anyone!
That wealthy chairman's grandson...
framed my son!
- You know that!
- Sir!
All you need to say...
is that my son isn't the murderer!
- Please stop...
- Sir!
Please, I beg you!
- Please!
- Please let go, sir.
- Gosh.
- Goodness.
You impudent jerk!
Don't you have a father?
No, I don't.
But...
does having one change anything?
You can't even help your son.
You're powerless and incompetent.
What did you say?
Oh, dear...
Jou-ri
Goodness...
Your call could not be completed
and will be transferred to...
He must be busy.
Of course. You can't slack off
when you're doing important work.
Right. The ribs.
The seasoned vegetables,
stir-fried glass noodles, pancakes, and...
All done, right?
Gosh, I can't reach it.
How did you hurt your back?
Those pain-relief patches only smell.
When you've hurt your back,
the best remedy is acupuncture.
No, I'm okay.
These pain-relief patches will work just fine.
A long time ago, my uncle
fell down the stairs once.
He thought he'd be fine just
applying pain-relief patches.
Then he became paralyzed and bedridden.
He developed bedsores that made his flesh rot.
It was terrible.
Why would you say something like that?
I'm just saying.
How does your stomach feel?
Do you feel nauseated?
Or does it feel like you've been stabbed?
How would she know how it feels to be stabbed?
Wouldn't she know?
I think it's just indigestion from
tasting all the food while cooking.
This will do the trick.
A long time ago,
my aunt kept downing that drink
whenever she had indigestion.
She passed away after
getting a hole in her stomach.
They opened her up, and
her organs had all melted.
What's the matter with you?
Why do you keep rambling nonsense?
I'm just saying.
Don't worry.
My baby.
Right.
I'm thinking of naming our puppy Kang-ho.
What?
Why that name?
If you think about it,
everyone with that name seems to prosper.
There's Song Kang-ho and there's Choi Kang-ho.
I want our puppy to prosper too.
A prosperous dog will still be
a dog. It won't turn into a tiger.
A tiger?
Oh, my.
Let's name our dog Tiger.
Then it'll become a tiger, won't it?
Tiger, roar for me.
Roar for me.
Don't mind her.
So tell me. How's our prosecutor doing?
He's never visited ever since moving to Seoul.
He actually called in the
afternoon and said he'd visit.
But I dissuaded him.
He has trials lined up back-to-back,
so I told him to just rest on the weekend.
I see.
I tracked down the IP address of the posts...
that were posted on the media sites.
This is footage from an
internet café in Sangdo-dong.
I believe they're exposing Woobyeok
Group's corruption to the press.
Ha-young
Did he reject your call again?
Yes.
Should I call one more time?
Hey.
Forget it. Just end it.
I get that he's busy, but
he's been ignoring you for days.
I'm pretty sure he's seeing someone else.
Hey...
Oh, no. I'm sorry.
Hey, are you okay?
- Here...
- Oh, no.
Goodness, what's wrong?
My goodness!
Oh, dear. I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Hurry up and apologize.
You don't know what I do?
Sorry?
I'm a ballerina.
Is that the best apology
after almost cutting off my toe?
Right.
I'm really sorry.
This is so annoying.
Let's go.
I'm sorry.
Are you okay?
Wait.
It's your turn now.
What?
Please apologize for kicking me.
Mi-joo, what's with you?
If you're that sensitive about your
feet, you shouldn't have come here.
- Have you gone crazy?
- No, ma'am.
Not yet.
But I'll go crazy if you don't apologize.
I won't apologize.
There.
What'll you do now?
What?
I see.
In that case, it can't be helped.
She didn't hit you.
- Cheers.
The last time I felt this satisfied...
was when I got my first Brazilian waxing.
She shouldn't have provoked me.
But what are you going to do now?
- I won't vote for him.
- What do you mean?
Vote for who?
Her dad will be running for President.
He'll never get my vote.
Sure. That's the worst you could do.
I'm going to open a small salon...
with the money I've saved up.
- A salon?
- Yes.
I wanted to save up for two more
years and open up a big one in Seoul.
But I should look outside
the city or a shop-in-shop.
- Mi-joo.
- Yes?
Me too. I want in.
- I'll chip in.
- Seriously?
I'll chip in so we can look for a
place on the outskirts of Seoul.
What do you say?
Sun-young, I'd love that!
- Really?
- Yes!
Okay!
Then you can be the owner.
- What?
- I'll be the CEO.
What?
That's ridiculous.
- All right then.
- Okay.
I look forward to it, ma'am.
I'll do my best, Ms. CEO.
- Let me.
- You can speak casually.
Mom
Please excuse me for a minute, Ms. CEO.
- Sure, take the call.
- Thank you.
Hi, Mom.
I'm not your mom.
Who told you you could use Grandma's phone?
Grandma is dead.
What? What are you saying?
Why is she dead?
She ran out.
"Ran out"?
Yes.
Goodness.
She ran out of cards,
so she lost the match and all her money.
She's as good as dead for this round.
Hey!
You startled me!
- Who's that?
- Mom.
Mom?
Do you mean...
Mi-joo?
Your youngest daughter who's in the U.S.?
Give that to me.
Hello?
Mom, didn't I tell you not to
play cards with the kids around?
What?
You want to send me money?
Gosh, you don't need to send
me your hard-earned money.
Gosh, seems Mi-joo is trying
to send you money. How lucky.
Her daughter sends her money,
while we work like dogs to buy
food for our incarcerated son.
Why is my life so miserable?
I'm not sending you any money.
- Would you like me to read your fortune?
- And I won't be...
sending you any money for the time being.
I'm opening a nail salon.
What?
Your husband is opening a nail salon for you?
Goodness. That's great.
What?
Good job.
"Nail"? What's a "nail salon"?
Why did you call?
Ye-jin is the one who called.
I told you not to give them your phone.
Watching videos will worsen their eyesight.
If you're that concerned,
you can raise them instead.
Right. What happened to that jerk?
What jerk?
The father of your children!
Goodness.
Have you found him?
Didn't we agree not to talk about that anymore?
And I chose not to look for him.
It's over between us.
What are you talking about?
What will you say to the people here?
What will you tell your kids?
They think you're working hard in the U.S...
and will send for them.
So why did you have to lie to them?
Whatever. Just say I got divorced.
You want me to tell them that you,
alongside Jin-joo and Seon-joo,
are divorced too?
Is our family cursed or something?
Goodness. Do you know how embarrassing it is?
You're the one who started it all.
I never got a divorce.
But he left you for another woman.
At least I was married when I had kids!
- Hang up!
This rotten brat.
Why does her life have to
be so miserable like mine?
Goodness, you startled me.
Who had kids out of wedlock?
We were talking about a drama.
Sam-sik will be released soon, right?
What should I do?
Should we carry out a
ritual when he's released?
Just pack up and leave.
There's absolutely no
ritual that could fix this.
There's no deity who can change his fate.
So just leave.
- Let me.
- It's okay.
Look who's here!
It's the woman who's been
blessed with everything.
Prosecutor Choi's mother is here!
- Goodness.
- Hello.
- Gosh, you didn't have to.
- Come on in.
- It's okay.
I have to leave for Seoul.
I made geotjeori and a few side dishes. Enjoy.
- So that's why you're all dolled up.
- Goodness.
- You're going to see your son.
- Yes.
What's wrong with your arm?
You seemed to be limping too.
I fell in the kitchen yesterday, but I'm okay.
You're such a doting mother.
A successful prosecutor like him...
must have good and expensive food all the time.
Still, it's his birthday.
- Is it? Then you should go.
- Yes.
- Have a safe trip.
- Okay.
Please enjoy the food.
Ye-jin and Seo-jin, eat lots.
- Okay, goodbye.
- Goodbye.
- Have a safe trip.
- Bye.
- Gosh.
How can I enjoy her food
when it looks like that?
It's tasty.
Try some.
Here.
I'm on a diet.
Hold on.
If it's Kang-ho's birthday,
then it's Mi-joo's birthday too.
You're right.
Goodness.
You brat. You should've told
me it's your birthday today!
What's your bank account number?
So which building and unit is it?
I'm calling him right now.
Why isn't he picking up?
Sir, it's me.
I'm at the address you sent me.
But which building and unit is it?
Sorry?
- I'm sorry.
- Okay.
What are you doing?
Pull up over there.
- Pull up.
- Okay.
One minute please.
You have a call from the lobby.
Yes?
Hello, sir. This is the security office.
Your mother is here.
Tell her I'm not home.
Sorry?
Tell her you're not home?
But she brought a bunch of food.
Hello?
You see, Mr. Choi is...
What is it? He's not home yet?
I understand. He's one of the
top prosecutors in this country.
Of course he's busy.
I should've called in advance.
In that case,
could you please give him these for me?
Goodness.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
Sir.
Do you see him at times?
Yes, every now and then.
How is he? Does he look okay?
Does he look healthy?
Yes. He's such a handsome man...
who takes great care of himself.
Has he ever gotten drunk and looked depressed?
No, I don't think so.
That's good. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
One minute.
Sorry?
If anything seems off,
please give me a call.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
- Goodbye.
I wonder if she's eaten.
She seems to be in pain.
So what if he's a prosecutor?
He's so impudent.
Choco Pie
He's just busy. That's all.
With a 33% approval rate,
Assemblyman Oh Tae-soo defeated Park Gil-ung,
former chairman of Bareun Hanguk Party
and a leading candidate of the opposing camp,
and established himself as
the next presidential candidate.
Assemblyman Oh, who led the ruling
party to a landslide victory...
as former committee chairman
of the Jeilmirae Party,
emerged as a leading presidential candidate...
through his election and the party's victory.
Become a Passionate Judicial Officer
Do you know why people bad-mouth
judicial officers of this country?
Because all they know is to study.
But studying is merely a talent,
just like singing or drawing.
It doesn't make you superior to others.
Perhaps those who only know how
to study could be the most inferior.
Let's be honest.
You don't have friends.
Aren't you all outcasts?
But those idiots act like
being a prosecutor or a judge...
is the most powerful right a human could have.
That's why people bash them.
A true judicial officer must
be able to both think and feel.
Those with no friends or
empathy toward others...
studied hard to prosecute, defend,
and judge others?
No wonder the world has turned out this way.
No wonder only the weak
and the innocent are victimized.
Let me ask you future
judicial officers for a favor,
as an old, former judicial officer.
We've been overworking
our brains for far too long.
So let's stop doing that,
and use our passionate
hearts to guide us instead.
Oh Tae-soo
That's enough. Get going now.
Tae-soo, this is Choi Kang-ho.
He entered the institute
at the top of his class.
He's a talent who's always
placed first in his class.
Really?
- Are we alumni?
- Yes.
It's an honor to meet you, sir.
With your grades, it'll only be a
matter of time until you become a judge.
I actually aspire to become a prosecutor.
You're his role model.
He's an avid fan of yours who's memorized...
all your books and theses.
Really?
I'm honored.
Not at all.
Goodbye, sir.
Have we met before?
You look familiar.
No, sir. We've never met.
But...
Actually,
- you've met my father...
- Dad.
We're late. Let's go.
Okay.
I need to go.
See you next time.
Yes, sir. I'll make sure we meet again.
She's so pretty.
You're so pretty.
I'm not interested, so get lost.
You'll be interested soon.
Have you gone insane?
I didn't do any drugs.
Do you have proof?
This is driving me crazy.
You're going to regret this.
I won't let this slide.
I'll get you all fired.
You can take your time with that.
What's this?
It's just medicine.
Exactly. What kind of medicine?
Please answer.
It's for my panic disorder.
You have panic disorder?
It's not serious.
Wait! What are you doing?
Hey! What are you doing?
- Hey!
- Stay still.
- You lunatic!
Wait! No!
Do you know how expensive that is?
No! That's a limited-edition!
- They don't sell it anymore.
- Stay still!
- Please!
- The urinalysis came out.
They all tested negative.
I believe there was a mistake
in the report we received.
I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
Are you?
That's all you can say after ruining this?
I'll compensate for that.
My dad was a former prosecutor
so I know how much you make.
Don't be ridiculous.
This is more expensive than your life.
Let's go.
Will it be okay?
It hurts, but I'm okay.
No, I'm talking about us.
It says here that she's the
daughter of Assemblyman Oh Tae-soo,
a former chief prosecutor.
What?
How may we help you?
I shouldn't have hit you.
That's okay.
It's all right. He deserved it.
But by any chance, will
my time here be recorded?
You won't call my parents, will you?
It was my first time clubbing.
Make that the second or third.
As for my panic disorder,
it's really not that bad.
I just...
have trouble sleeping.
I'm just taking it to prevent it from worsening.
So let's pretend today never happened.
You don't need to compensate for the bag either.
I'm sick of it, so I was
going to throw it away anyway.
Then I'll assume you understand.
I'll go now.
Goodbye.
The House of Love Sharing, Culture Day
With Assemblyman Oh Tae-soo
♫ You and me ♫
♫ We should be friends ♫
♫ and get along ♫
♫ Pinky promise ♫
♫ Promise me ♫
♫ Friends ♫
♫ don't fight ♫
♫ Let's love each other ♫
♫ Pinky promise ♫
♫ Promise me ♫
Come here. Hurry up.
Are you crazy?
How could you come here?
We agreed to forget about it.
I got you a new bag.
What?
What is this?
You actually got a new one?
It was a limited-edition.
What?
Are you serious?
No way.
What's this?
Where's the bag? This is just a dust bag...
Sir.
You do know how well-respected
your father is, right?
The people trust and support
him due to his humility.
So should you carry such an expensive bag,
and go clubbing with your wealthy friends?
Stop tainting his reputation, and carry that.
Who are you to tell me what to do?
What is this?
Jujubes are said to be natural tranquilizers.
You said your symptoms weren't severe,
so don't take any medication.
Just have some jujube tea before bed.
I went to the marketplace in the morning
to get them, so don't throw them away.
What the...?
Dad.
- Happy birthday.
- Thanks.
I'm glad my daughter...
Who is he?
Hello, I'm Choi Kang-ho.
You must be surprised.
He's your birthday gift.
Your future son-in-law.
What?
You brat.
What took you so long to
introduce such a fine, young man?
All right. Have a seat.
That's right.
Judicial Research and Training Institute.
No wonder you seemed familiar.
It must've been hard...
to grow up without a father.
But he grew up so well and
became a competent prosecutor.
Even I'm proud of you.
I still have a long way to go.
I hope to learn from you.
All right.
I hope we get along.
Yes, sir.
It's getting late.
How about you ladies give us some privacy?
Why?
What will you talk about without us?
Men have things to talk about among themselves.
- Right?
- Yes, you're right.
Exactly.
Don't make him drink too much.
- It's okay.
- Look at that.
A daughter will always put her boyfriend first.
Honey, take her.
- Call me when you get home.
- I will.
See you later, ma'am.
Bye, Dad.
Bye.
So what will it be?
Sorry?
The reason for your breakup.
Another woman?
Or do you want to be sent abroad for work?
Or I could make you a corrupt
prosecutor and send you to prison.
I can't suddenly kill you off.
You reek of something.
Ever since we first met.
What could it be?
Is it the smell of dirt,
since you came from the bottom up?
- Father.
- "Father"?
You're funny.
Listen carefully.
You two will break up within a week.
And Ha-young will marry into
Dosang Group as I'd planned.
"Father"?
Someone like you can never call me "Father."
Though you must not understand
since you don't have a father.
Kang-ho.
What's all this?
Don't tell me you're seeing another woman.
Hold on! My foot.
I hurt my toe today.
Let me in for just a minute.
Kang-ho. It's not true, right?
Ta-da.
I even got you a birthday gift.
- Go home.
- How are you so heartless?
Are you really ending it with me?
I'm doing this not to do that.
But if you keep doing this,
it'll hinder my plan.
Your plan?
What is it?
DNA Test Result
Corporate sales, which were to be
reduced to the global economic downturn,
have actually increased by
21.5% compared to last year.
Here are the documents I told you about on...
Probability of Paternity: 99.9%
Home run!
This is a true home run.
A walk-off grand slam with two outs.
So you're saying...
Hwang Soo-hyun gave birth to Oh Tae-soo's baby?
Correct.
That idiot.
He had no idea what was coming...
when he betrayed me for Dosang Group.
So what if he steals a base?
He just hit into a double play.
He doesn't know about the child yet.
She was afraid he'd harm her
and the child if he found out.
So she quit and hid as soon as
she found out about her pregnancy.
A secret about him he doesn't even know exists.
This is...
very valuable information.
Right?
By the way, why are you giving me this?
Isn't that why you took me in?
If you have the future President in your hands,
Woobyeok Group will be invincible.
However,
this isn't the original paper.
You must want a favor from me.
Please take me in as your real son.
What did you say?
I want to become your legal son.
Then as your son,
I'll marry Oh Tae-soo's daughter.
You'll have Oh Tae-soo.
Oh Tae-soo will have me.
And I'll have a father.
None of us will be able to betray one another.
We'll become a true family.
What if I refuse?
What can a son who's been
abandoned by his father do?
I'll have to find a new father.
A father never abandons his child.
She was a smart secretary of mine
who knew how the company worked.
I entrusted you with her,
so you'd find a way to save my company.
But instead, you knocked her up.
Where is Hwang Soo-hyun?
How will you lead the
country if you're this slow?
Hwang Soo-hyun isn't the one you should meet.
It's Choi Kang-ho.
If that kid takes this information...
and sides with the Bareun Hanguk Party,
it'll be the end for both of us.
Let's be honest.
We've gotten our hands
dirty for the past 30 years.
Don't you agree?
Judging by...
how he even found out about Hwang Soo-hyun,
he must have many cards up his sleeve.
I heard you opposed his
relationship with your daughter.
It seems to have hurt his pride greatly.
I believe that's when he
started digging up dirt on you.
How about we let them get back together first?
As for the parts you believe he lacks,
I'll fill them in.
What do you mean?
I'm going to...
adopt Choi Kang-ho as my son...
who'll have the right to inherit my business.
Will you get rid of the original copy
of the DNA test result in front of me?
Come on. Getting rid of that
paper won't change anything.
Right?
He'll get rid of them like they never existed.
My son will do that.
Right?
You'll be safer there than in Korea.
No one will be able to find you.
Don't worry about it. It'll all work out.
Thank you for the drink.
I took care of it.
We finally have our own nail salon!
Nail & Nail
Sun-young...
Why are you crying?
Why would you cry on such a delightful day?
You're the one who cried first.
You know what?
I'm going to make a ton of money,
and bring my kids back.
I'm going to buy them...
whatever food they want,
and dress them in all the pretty clothes.
I will.
It's not smelly, right?
It's thanks to our homemade doenjang.
Have some aged kimchi too. It's tasty.
It would've been perfect if there was skate.
Skate and celebrations go hand in hand.
I'm sure someone will bring some.
Gosh, do you hear those two kids?
Kids these days learn so quickly.
They learn too quickly.
I suddenly miss my late mother.
- It'll be fun...
- This is too salty.
...to hit a ball with this.
This is too bland.
Do you want some?
Even a dog doesn't want it.
Goodness. Young-soon is so lucky.
She went through so much
to raise her son by herself.
And now he's a prosecutor and
an assemblyman's son-in-law.
Things are looking up for her.
It's more than just that.
Her social status will change.
Social status, my foot.
And if that's the case, she
should've hired a catering service.
Look at this.
How will we feed all those
people with that much meat?
We can slaughter a pig if need be.
There's no need to worry about
that when she has a pig farm.
Nice one.
You must be tired.
- Hello.
- Let me do it.
Gosh, you reek.
Wash up.
Yes, leave this up to us.
Get dressed up.
Will you greet the assemblyman's
daughter while looking like that?
You little...!
I told you not to tell anyone.
She also told me to keep it a secret.
Right.
Well, it's good news, so...
By the way, who's the assemblyman?
My son's colleague told me the news,
but I don't know who it is exactly.
Anyway, please don't say
these things in front of Kang-ho.
- Okay?
- Of course.
It's great that he's marrying
an assemblyman's daughter.
But honestly, it's not great news for us.
Honestly, we didn't benefit from Kang-ho's...
going to law school and
becoming a prosecutor, did we?
Darn it.
We could've gotten that done at a mill.
Look at that old man overworking himself.
At that age, he...
Never mind. Keep going.
You weren't talking about me, were you?
Hey, Sung-ae!
- Go ahead and hit.
- She's bitter about...
how Sam-sik was incarcerated for theft.
She begged Kang-ho not
to put her son behind bars,
but he refused to listen.
She's still bitter about that.
Just leave her alone.
Okay.
What's the big deal about marrying
an assemblyman's daughter?
I should go home.
My dog hasn't been eating
much due to her labor pains.
When's the date?
Since she's spotting,
it'll be today or tomorrow.
No, I'm talking about Sam-sik.
I'm going to ask Kang-ho to help
him get a job when he comes today.
Where are the mung beans? There they are.
Move.
I know Kang-ho likes mung bean pancakes.
Sillim Fresh Raw Fish
Reject
My head hurts.
You didn't have to come.
I should meet her at least once.
After all, she's your mother.
And I can drive when you feel tired.
Oh, right.
I'm just going to get a five-carat diamond ring.
Smaller ones are trendier these days.
Only those who want to come off as wealthy...
go for big rings.
And my dad's presidential
election is coming up too.
Darn it.
What?
You got half a carat?
Only big department stores in Seoul have them.
- There's a warranty in there too.
- A warranty?
In there. Underneath.
Come on. Stay still.
The gem sure looks huge.
Goodness. Half a carat?
Wait. Don't touch it.
- I wasn't going to.
- You look nice.
It would've been wonderful if Kang-ho
and Mi-joo had ended up together.
Remember?
When they were kids,
we promised to become in-laws.
Your daughter is happily married in the U.S.
What are you saying?
I'm just saying.
By the way,
why did you get this when
they haven't set a date yet?
I also got a ring before I got married.
He brought a pig with the ring
around its neck when he proposed.
Gosh.
He would've been delighted if he'd been alive.
You're all done.
You look like Brooke Shields.
No wonder Sam-sik is dexterous.
He takes after his mother.
Why are you bringing up his dexterity right now?
What is this? Is it a back-handed compliment?
What are you talking about?
It's only natural for your
child to take after you.
Sure, but we're talking about Sam-sik.
What do you think?
This is a set.
Goodness, you look gorgeous.
You look like a forsythia.
- Do I look okay?
- Yes.
She has a good eye for
picking out the right colors.
Tell me about it.
How did you think of picking such a color?
Vivid colors are trendy now.
I don't want her to think...
I'm a hillbilly with no fashion sense.
How dare a woman look down on her mother-in-law?
Who cares who her father is?
Reject her if you don't like her.
- Goodness.
- She's right.
I'm telling you, whoever and whatever it may be,
you need to show them who's boss from the start.
That way, they won't cause problems.
Be confident. Okay?
Okay.
Young-soon, come out!
I can't seem to find the drinks.
Coming!
Doesn't she look like a pickled radish?
She's gone.
Her hair looks great, though.
I think she'll be looked down on.
Right?
- Pickled radish!
- Goodness. We have no pickled radish.
- Kids always tell the truth.
Drink slowly.
Young-soon.
Have a drink with us.
Sit.
I'll eat after I meet Kang-ho's fiancée.
Right.
It's your first time meeting her, right?
- Yes.
- Gosh.
Kang-ho shouldn't be like this to his mother.
It's understandable.
His mother worked so hard to raise him,
so how could he only now
introduce his fiancée to her?
- He's very busy.
- Right.
Honestly, I'm elated that
he's visiting us today.
Of course.
- Hold on.
- What?
Do you think he's coming here...
to take Young-soon to Seoul?
Seoul?
Think about it. Jong-ho did that too.
He took his parents to
Seoul before getting married.
- You're right.
That could happen. So she's going to Seoul?
It makes sense.
After all, his future
father-in-law is an assemblyman.
Kang-ho wouldn't let his mother
keep living here all by herself.
What now?
Is this goodbye for us?
This is great.
What will happen to your farm then?
Leave your potato farm to me.
Oh, dear. Hold on.
Goodness.
You'll still help Sam-sik get a job, right?
You will, right?
- Young-soon.
- Sung-ae.
Oh, no. Is this farewell?
He's here!
Kang-ho has arrived from Seoul!
- He's here.
- Kang-ho? He's here!
- Kang-ho!
- Hurry up!
- Goodness. Kang-ho!
- Goodness.
Goodness.
- Oh, my!
- Goodness!
She's so pretty.
How pretty.
You're here.
I'm the village head.
Hello.
We sincerely welcome you two to Jou-ri,
a village with clear water...
and good-hearted people.
There's no body of water here.
And why do you sound like an AI?
You're unbelievable.
Everyone, this is Prosecutor Choi Kang-ho...
and his fiancée, an assemblyman's daughter.
Let's all bow... No.
Give them a round of applause.
I told you not to mention her father.
It must've been a long trip.
Come on in.
- Come on.
- Go in.
- Goodness.
- Hello.
- She's pretty.
- Behave.
Come on.
You must be hungry.
Let's eat first.
- I have something to tell you.
- Gosh.
What's the rush?
Let's eat first and talk later.
- Come here.
- Ma'am.
You're so beautiful.
- How about you sing a song?
- That's a good idea.
- Sing for us!
- Sir.
♫ You can't get married if you can't sing ♫
♫ You're so mean ♫
Gosh, this is embarrassing.
So mean!
♫ If you can't get married ♫
Kang-ho.
♫ You can't ♫
I have something to say!
- Goodness.
- Go inside.
Come in. Goodness.
Last night,
your father visited me in my dreams.
Have a seat.
He was silent and glared
at me like he was upset.
I thought long and hard about
why he was sulking so much.
He must've been jealous that
I'd be the only one to witness this.
Gosh, you're beautiful.
How old are you?
I'm 27.
You have the perfect age gap.
Hold on.
I got this at the biggest jewelry shop in town.
They're diamonds.
I see.
Can you wait outside?
Okay.
Why?
I know that brand.
You know...
Vutton!
- It's a luxury handbag.
- I see.
What are those boxes?
It says "fur..."
As in animal fur?
Animal fur? Maybe it's a mink coat.
It could be.
I heard they skin minks alive.
Don't say something so horrific.
By the way, what are those boxes?
Do you think they're for us?
What are you doing there?
Goodness.
Come to think of it, your fiancée
was born in the Year of the Pig.
It must be destiny.
Who am I? I'm a pig farmer.
She was destined to marry
into our family, right?
What is this?
"Adoption Agreement"?
Are you going to adopt a child?
Why?
She can't get pregnant?
I'll be adopted by Chairman Song
who's been raising me all along.
Please stamp your seal there.
- What?
- Be quiet.
What...?
What are you saying?
Who raised you? Who's adopting you?
I'm your mom.
I gave birth to you.
What are you talking about?
I'm going to become Chairman Song's son,
inherit his business, and become
an assemblyman's son-in-law.
Wait.
Wait, Kang-ho. What are you talking about?
I get that money and power are great.
But you can't cut ties with your mom.
Isn't this what you wanted?
What...?
Consenting Party: Jin Young-soon
Signature or Seal
All right.
I'll always be your mom.
This piece of paper won't matter.
I'm happy as long as you are.
Let me ask you one question.
Did you propose the idea?
You didn't, right?
He did, right?
You didn't want to, but he forced
you because he needs you, right?
Am I right?
Wait.
Kang-ho.
I can't let you go like this.
Have some food before you go.
Food?
You're inviting me to eat,
when I've never been able
to enjoy a meal with you?
Then take this.
Take this with you.
Why won't you take this?
I get that you're embarrassed
by me since I'm a poor hillbilly.
But why won't you take this?
These are all brand new.
They sell these at big
department stores in Seoul.
There's a warranty too. Kang...
Kang-ho...
- Does this make sense?
- I don't know.
Goodness.
Wait. Kang-ho.
Kang-ho.
Wait.
They're mung bean pancakes, your favorite.
Have some on your way, okay?
Kang-ho!
What an impudent punk!
Goodness.
Look at this handbag.
She must have good taste
because she lives in Seoul.
Goodness. This is very light.
I can barely feel it.
By the way,
if Chairman Song adopts him,
does that mean he'll be Song Kang-ho now?
Don't worry about me.
Gosh.
I've been running on an
empty stomach. I'm hungry now.
Why are you out here?
We have lots of food inside. Go inside.
Go inside.
- Okay.
- Gosh.
Go away, kids.
Kids, go play.
Go.
The smell is making me carsick.
Are we really taking that home?
I hope my clothes won't reek of it.
Kang-ho.
Kang-ho...
Should I drive instead?
Okay. I'm sorry.
Kang-ho.
Are you okay?
It still reeks.
Kang-ho.
No.
Kang-ho, no...
No!
Kang-ho!
The Good Bad Mother
My son won't die.
I won't let him die.
What? Kang-ho?
- I'm telling you.
- Then what will happen to Kang-ho?
Just watch and see.
Our son will walk out of that room.
He'll stand here and look at you.
I'll make sure he does.
I hope you learn English
quickly so we can live together.
That was the worst sin you could commit.
Letting others use you.
My son woke up!
It's me, Mom.
Do you recognize me?